---FUNCTIONAL FEATURES---

1. Search
	by zip code, address, price, #of bed and bath, type of housing, keywords

2. Rent
	ability to rent the property that is listed
	
3. Post listing
	ability to post a listing for users to rent from you

4. Filter System (maybe part of search)
	sorting the page based on desired keyword/value

5. Login/Registration
	only available to those with a .sfsu.edu email 

6. Reset account
	username/password reset incase the user forgets their information

7. Watchlist
	a list of housing options that the user wishes to save for later
	
8. Comparison Page
	comparing multiple homes qualities such as number of bedrooms, bathrooms, square footage ect

9. notable resturaunts/activities around the area
	tough but maybe 3-5 notable locations within walking distance
	
10. Transportations nearby
	public transport lines and time to walk to

11. User Ratings
	ratings for renters and posters to help users determine the possible ease of doing buisness with another user.
	
12. Admin ability to approve/remove postings
	ban users
	
13. In house view
	this would include pictures of all rooms, hopefully including different angles from the poster

14. Protected Pages	
	pages that are only allowed to be viewed by a registered user. If the user is not registered and attempts to access one of these pages,
	instead the user will be redirected to the registration or login page
	
15. Encrypted user data
	we must ensure that the sensitive data that a user gives to us is not stored in plain text and should instead be encrypted first
	
16. Share to friend
	An ability to share the listing to a friend for possible joining together for rental
	
17. Renters description of house
	the owner of the property will be able to give a description of the property and surounding neighborhood
	
18. Comments on user profile page
	give other users the ability to post comments on sombodies page to go into further detail on 
	how their interaction and long term dealings with the user have been
	
19. All user properties
	ability to see all properties that a specific user owns/rents that is listed on the website
	
20. Live feed
	the user will not need to refresh the page when a listing is no longer available/ a new one is listed